So to secure and a U.S. networking environment, you have to add a security group.
A security group are stateful firewalls that control inbound and outbound traffic to the U.S. resources.
They act at the level of the instance or the network interface.
When you create a security group by default, it will block all inbound traffic and allow all outbound
traffic.
You can create a custom security group.
It will allow a specific port with a specific protocol from a specific source to come on to access your
easy to instance in the public subnet or even in the private subnet.
It's very important to do a chaining or security group similar to what we did in the previous demo.
Most likely you will have, for example, a web to you.
You need to open that tier to accept traffic from the internet or from any IP.
Only when you go to the application to make sure to change the security group of the application to
Tier two accepted traffic only from the web tier then in your database to make sure that your database
of security group allow only the communication to come from the application to your security group.
We call this the chaining of security group.
You could also create another security layer in the VPC, which is the network access control list or
the ACL, the act at the subnet level.
But the security group guys remember that the act at the instance level, you can allow or deny a specific
inbound or outbound traffic.
However, by default it will allow all inbound and outbound traffic access list are stateless firewalls
that require explicit rules for both inbound and outbound traffic.
Now, what we mean by stateless, if you often port 22 inbound, you have also to specify that the reply
port at 22 is also outbound allow.
When you create a custom network access list, you can associate it with a specific subnet by default.
Each custom network access list denies all inbound and outbound traffic until you add and you specify
the rule that you want to apply as a best practice, you should secure your infrastructure with multiple
layers of defense.
By your running your infrastructure in a VPC, you can control which instances aren't exposed to the
Internet.
You can define both security group and network access list to protect your infrastructure.
Add the infrastructure level.
You can also secure your instances with a firewall at the operating system level using security.
When you implement both networking access lists and security groups as a defense, in-depth way of controlling
a traffic mistake in the configuration of one of these controls will not expose the host to unwanted
traffic.
To create a public subnet, you need to refer back to the demo.
So in order to tag a subnet to be public, remember that you need to attach an Internet gateway to your
VPC.
You need to allow to your subnet roundtable that directs the Internet to bounded traffic to the Internet
gateway.
And you need to make sure that your instances have public IP or elastic IP address.
And you want to make sure that your security group and network access list allow the relevant traffic
to flow.
Now, let us look to the guided lab creating a virtual private cloud in this lab.
Guys, you will use Amazon VPC manually to create a VPC with public and a private subnet with an Internet
gateway under our table, which can run out and direct Internet bound traffic to the Internet gateway
and the security group for easy to end instances in the public subnet.
And then you will launch an application server to test that a VPC.
So the final product of this lab will look similar to this day.